The purpose of my visual argument was to spark a thought inside the minds of young adults and teenagers. Social media affects everyone, and there is no escaping it. As society continues forward, children are further immersed into a reality that is as much online as real. Because of this, it is important to share with them the realization that real life is more enjoyable and fulfilling than the one on their screens. It is unfortuantely something that must be taught; you must see the color within your own life, rather than longing for that which you see in another's instagram post. This thought process drives the visual argument, as I nearly completely drained the background image of its saturation. Once sized to fit, I took a poolside image and increased its saturation. Once cropping this into the phone on top, which was in the center of the screen, the contrast and simplicity drew the eyes of the audiece straight to the phone. This is ironic in the way the phone grabs your attention before the words, snow gear, or lack of color. These are all things you likely relate back to the phone in retrospect, creating the spark of the intended message: phones and social media are draining our lives of natural enjoyment. To extrapolate, appreciate the life you live instead of wishing for someone else's. Someone who does not spend a lot of time on their phone may not feel as much sentiment when seeing this poster. However, the people that do will hopefully reflect and walk away thinking about their phone usage.
